Added reference to eth2 phases (#1800)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/eth2/beacon-chain/index.md

summary1: The beacon chain doesn't change anything about the Ethereum we use today.
summary3: It will coordinate the network.
summary2: It introduces proof-of-stake to the Ethereum ecosystem.

> summary4: You might know this as "Phase 0" on the technical roadmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary4: You might know this as "Phase 0" on technical roadmaps.
```
